Jehovah appreciates the effort made by His worshipers each day to show their love for
His Son, Jesus.
In His statement recorded at John 14 verse 23, Jesus Himself made this point clear,
If anyone loves me, He will observe my word, and my Father will love Him.
It is truly beautiful to observe how you have embraced the word.
You are tirelessly devoting time and physical power to advance the work of preaching about
the kingdom.
As loyal friends of Jesus and Jehovah, you have also shown steadfast support for the kingdom
through your monetary donations.
Within your means you have given generously.
Jehovah highly esteems these powerful gifts, which are expressions of love for what His
Son is doing.
The brothers of the governing body have asked me to express their deep appreciation for the
love you have shown.
We want to reassure you, your donations have a powerful impact.
Since June 2020, the article series How Your Donations Are Used Has Chronicle This Power.
Each one tells a story highlighting how donations are being used to further the kingdom work.
Have you ever wondered what happened after the article was published?
In the following video, notice how your donations continue to have a powerful effect.
After an Indigenous community opposed the freedom of worship of our brothers and
Ecuador, the Constitutional Court heard a court case regarding this fundamental issue.
Should the Indigenous communities respect international human rights?
The court accepted our reasoning and decided yes.
With the loving support through the donations from our brotherhood and Jehovah's blessing
on this issue, the court ruling is available and has already been used for legal argument
in other similar cases and in other parts of the world.
This court decision was a great victory for our brothers and sisters around the world.
But if we think about the community with the opposition arose, we can see encouraging
progress.
The community was surprised by the size of the organisation behind the small group of
local publishers.
The more the community got to know Jehovah's Witnesses, the more they respected and valued
us.
Now, instead of experiencing opposition, our brothers enjoy a peaceful relationship with
the community.
For example, the congregation of 53 publishers enjoyed a memorial attendance of 106 in 2024.
Due to tremendous growth, Africa has bought the same need for new Kingdom halls and
major innovations as all other continents combined.
The cost of construction in Africa continues to be a challenge.
In Tanzania, for example, we are about 25 million Tanzanians live on less than $2 a day,
building a new Kingdom Hall can cost over $50,000.
Thanks to the donations of local publishers, along with those from the global brotherhood,
publishers are able to enjoy new and renovated Kingdom halls in all parts of the world.
Here in Mafinga, we benefited from a renovation on our Kingdom Hall.
It is a place of worship that is respectable.
Now we even get the videos easily.
Truly, it has given a very good witness in the community and attracted many to the meetings.
We thank Jehovah for this provision of support through our worldwide brotherhood.
Translating the Bible takes many years.
Therefore, it requires thousands of hours of work by the translators.
Through the donations made by the brothers and sisters, we use a translation tool developed
by the organization.
This tool helps us to translate the Bible in a clear and understandable way.
In certain remote areas, access to the Bible is a big challenge.
In Tombay, for example, a congregation had only one Bible to share among all the publishers,
and that translation of the Bible was difficult to understand.
After the release of the Kiluba New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in 2018,
we had an increase of more than 20% of publishers in just one year.
It is clear that the word of God in Kiluba has had a big impact on our brothers and sisters.
We are confident that seeing the impact of your donations strengthens your faith.
But what if you have little material?
Perhaps you wish you could give more.
If that is how you feel, remember what the Bible says about our gifts to Jehovah.
It is especially acceptable according to what a person has.
Not according to what a person does not have.
Your generosity with what you have is what shows how much you love the Christ.
And rest assured, your donations are meaningful, appreciated, and they have power.
It is our prayer that you will continue to see the power that your love of the Christ has
on your brothers.
Thank you for all you have done and will continue to do.